website/integrations: add knocknoc (#13764)
goauthentik/authentik: website/integrations/services/knocknoc/index.md

        - `SAML to Knocknoc session duration`
        - `Authentik default SAML Mapping: Username`
    - **NameID Property Mapping**: `Authentik default SAML Mapping: Username`

- **Configure Bindings** _(optional)_: you can create a [binding](/docs/add-secure-apps/flows-stages/bindings/) (policy, group, or user) to manage the listing and access to applications on a user's **My applications** page.

3. Click **Submit** to save the new application and provider.

### Get the metadata URL of the Knocknoc provider

1. Navigate to **Applications** -> **Providers** and click on the name of thew Knocknoc provider (e.g. `Provider for Knocknoc`)
2. Navigate to the **Related objects** section and click on **Copy download URL**. This URL will be needed in the next section.

## Knocknoc configuration

1. Login to Knocknoc and navigate to **Admin** -> **Settings** -> **SAML**
2. Set the following configuration:

    - **Metadata URL**: _download URL that was copied in the previous section._
    - **Public URL**: <kbd>https://<em>knocknoc.company</em></kbd>
    - **Key file**: select a key file.
    - **Cert file**: select a certificate file.

3. Click on **Save**.

:::Note

> Key file and Cert file are currently required fields in Knocknoc. You can generate a certificate and key on a Linux host with this command:

Reviewer: We already discussed this one, so we can do whatever you think is best

> Key file and Cert file are currently required fields in Knocknoc. You can generate a certificate and key on a Linux host with this command:

Author: We might want to create a separate document for creating certs in authentik for external applications. That document can be referred to in other documents rather than duplicating it in each doc? @tanberry what do you think?

> Key file and Cert file are currently required fields in Knocknoc. You can generate a certificate and key on a Linux host with this command:

Reviewer 2: We have a section about [managing certs from 3rd parties](https://docs.goauthentik.io/docs/sys-mgmt/certificates#external-certificates)... perhaps we could add a subsection for "internally created certs? And label the existing section clearly, like "Creating external links in authentik"...

And yeah for sure if it is a task that often needs to be done with integrations, let's have it in one place and add links.

> Key file and Cert file are currently required fields in Knocknoc. You can generate a certificate and key on a Linux host with this command:

Reviewer 2: This can be later of course in a new PR, and then hopefully we remember to go back and add a link to it from this doc.

>
> -- https://knocknoc.io/

## Preparation

The following placeholders are used in this guide:

- `knocknoc.company` is the FQDN of the Knocknoc installation.
- `authentik.company` is the FQDN of the authentik installation.

:::note
This documentation lists only the settings that you need to change from their default values. Be aware that any changes other than those explicitly mentioned in this guide could cause issues accessing your application.
:::

## authentik configuration

To support the integration of Knocknoc with authentik, you need to create an application/provider pair and 3 property mappings in authentik.

### Create property mappings in authentik

1. Log in to authentik as an admin, and open the authentik Admin interface.
2. Navigate to **Customization** -> **Property Mappings** and click **Create** to create a property mapping.

- **Select type**: Select **SAML Provider Property Mapping** as the type and click **Next**.

> - **Create SAML Provider Property Mapping**: -**Name**: provide a descriptive name (e.g. `SAML to Knocknoc realName`) -**SAML Attribute Name**: `realName` -**Expression**:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Create SAML Provider Property Mapping**: 
      -**Name**: provide a descriptive name (e.g. `SAML to Knocknoc realName`) 
      -**SAML Attribute Name**: `realName` 
      -**Expression**:
```

Reviewer 2: The formatting was off, needed line breaks, but I might have mucked it up so please review. ;-)

    ```python
    return user.name
    ```

3. Click **Finish** to save the new property mapping.

> 4. Repeat steps 1-3 two more times, with the following configuration:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Repeat steps 1-3 two more times, with the following configurations:
```

- **Select type**: Select **SAML Provider Property Mapping** as the type and click **Next**.

> - **Create SAML Provider Property Mapping**: -**Name**: provide a descriptive name (e.g. `SAML to Knocknoc groups`) -**SAML Attribute Name**: `groups` -**Expression**:

Reviewer 2: formatting off here too, needs line breaks.

    ```python
    for group in user.ak_groups.all(): yield group.name
    ```

- **Create SAML Provider Property Mapping**: -**Name**: provide a descriptive name (e.g. `SAML to Knocknoc session duration`) -**SAML Attribute Name**: `sessionDuration` -**Expression**:
  `python
return 540
`

:::note

> This will set session duration at 540 minutes. Change the value to match your desired session duration length.

Reviewer: So, the attribute needs to be set, but the duration can vary? I'd include the note at line 51

Author: I've updated the note to have slightly more information. I feel like the location is ok, but can change it if you disagree.

:::

### Create an application and provider in authentik

1. Log in to authentik as an admin, and open the authentik Admin interface.

> 2. Navigate to **Applications** -> **Applications** and click **Create with Provider** to create an application and provider pair. (Alternatively you can first create a provider separately, then create the application and connect it with the provider.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Navigate to **Applications** > **Applications** and click **Create with Provider** to create an application and provider pair. (Alternatively you can first create a provider separately, then create the application and connect it with the provider.)
```

- **Application**: provide a descriptive name, an optional group for the type of application, the policy engine mode, and optional UI settings.

- **Choose a Provider type**: select **SAML Provider** as the provider type.

> - **Configure the Provider**: provide a name (or accept the auto-provided name), the authorization flow to use for this provider, and the following required configurations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Configure Provider**: provide a name (or accept the auto-provided name), the authorization flow to use for this provider, and the following required configurations.
```

> 

Reviewer: I havn't checked the rendered view, but can we remove these blank lines? Makes the docs more condensed which is, IMO, easier to read and manage

> 

Reviewer 2: **Protocol settings**

Reviewer 2: We need to add the name of that section... we want to follow the UI exactly (to help reader orient themselves).

    - **ACS URL**: <kbd>https://<em>knocknoc.company</em>/api/saml/acs</kbd>

>     - **Issuer URL**: <kbd>https://<em>authentik.company</em></kbd>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - **Issuer**: <kbd>https://<em>authentik.company</em></kbd>
```

    - **Service Provider Binding**: `Post`
    - **Audience**: <kbd>https://<em>authentik.company</em>/api/saml/metadata</kbd>

>     - **Property Mappings**: select the property mappings that you created in the previous section and `Authentik default SAML Mapping: Username` e.g.

Reviewer: I'd do something like this: https://github.com/goauthentik/authentik/blob/main/website/integrations/services/zammad/index.md?plain=1#L56

>     - **Property Mappings**: select the property mappings that you created in the previous section and `Authentik default SAML Mapping: Username` e.g.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - **Property Mappings**: select each of the property mappings that you created in the previous section, as well as `Authentik default SAML Mapping: Username`:
```

        - `SAML to Knocknoc realName`
        - `SAML to Knocknoc groups`
        - `SAML to Knocknoc session duration`
        - `Authentik default SAML Mapping: Username`
    - **NameID Property Mapping**: `Authentik default SAML Mapping: Username`

- **Configure Bindings** _(optional)_: you can create a [binding](/docs/add-secure-apps/flows-stages/bindings/) (policy, group, or user) to manage the listing and access to applications on a user's **My applications** page.

3. Click **Submit** to save the new application and provider.

### Get the metadata URL of the Knocknoc provider

> 1. Navigate to **Applications** -> **Providers** and click on the name of thew Knocknoc provider (e.g. `Provider for Knocknoc`)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to **Applications** -> **Providers** and click on the name of the Knocknoc provider (e.g. `Provider for Knocknoc`).
```

2. Navigate to the **Related objects** section and click on **Copy download URL**. This URL will be needed in the next section.

## Knocknoc configuration

> 1. Login to Knocknoc and navigate to **Admin** -> **Settings** -> **SAML**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Log in to Knocknoc and navigate to **Admin** -> **Settings** -> **SAML**
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Log in to Knocknoc and navigate to **Admin** > **Settings** > **SAML**
```

2. Set the following configuration:

>     - **Metadata URL**: _download URL that was copied in the previous section._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Metadata URL**: **SAML Metadata URL** copied from the authentik provider
```

2. Navigate to **Applications** > **Applications** and click **Create with Provider** to create an application and provider pair. (Alternatively you can first create a provider separately, then create the application and connect it with the provider.)

- **Application**: provide a descriptive name, an optional group for the type of application, the policy engine mode, and optional UI settings.
- **Choose a Provider type**: select **SAML Provider** as the provider type.
- **Configure Provider**: provide a name (or accept the auto-provided name), the authorization flow to use for this provider, and the following required configurations.
  **Protocol Settings**:
    - **ACS URL**: <kbd>https://<em>knocknoc.company</em>/api/saml/acs</kbd>
    - **Issuer**: <kbd>https://<em>authentik.company</em></kbd>
    - **Service Provider Binding**: `Post`
    - **Audience**: <kbd>https://<em>kocknoc.company</em>/api/saml/metadata</kbd>
    - Under **Advanced protocol settings**, add the three **Property Mappings** you created in the previous section, then set the **NameID Property Mapping** to `Authentik default SAML Mapping: Username`.

>     - **Configure Bindings** _(optional)_: you can create a [binding](/docs/add-secure-apps/flows-stages/bindings/) (policy, group, or user) to manage the listing and access to applications on a user's **My applications** page.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Configure Bindings** _(optional)_: you can create a [binding](/docs/add-secure-apps/flows-stages/bindings/) (policy, group, or user) to manage the listing and access to applications on a user's **My applications** page.
```
